Changes according to name change (#2089)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Heartcore/Getting-Started-Cloud/index.md

A step-by-step guide on how to setup and build a small and basic Umbraco Heartcore project. This is a great place to start if you are new to Umbraco, as it will explain some of the default concepts and you will learn how to create content from scratch.

## [The Umbraco Cloud Portal](The-Cloud-Portal)

> In this article you can read all about the features that is available from the Umbraco Heartcore Portal. This article will go through the Settings menu and how to get to the backoffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article you can read all about the features that is available on your Umbraco Heartcore project from the Umbraco Cloud Portal. The article will go through the Settings menu and how to get to the backoffice.
```

## [APIs And The Backoffice User](Backoffice-Users-and-API-Keys)

> Want to know more about the APIs and how to add them to your users in Umbraco Heartcore Backoffice? Look no further. In this article you can read about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to know more about the API keys and how to add them to your users in Umbraco Heartcore backoffice? Look no further. In this article you can read about it.
```
